# PC-Polygon
Repository for project PC Polygon.
Some interesting stuff may be shoved in here eventually.

World Background:

The game is set several centuries in the future, in a world where the mistakes humans are making in our day are almost a forgotten memory. In the past, the Earth increased in global warming, making most of the areas in proximity to the equator completely uninhabitable. Most of the Earth's population died out, as well as most of the animal species. The southern hemisphere was still completely uninhabitable, as it was either fully arid, and above temperatures humans could survive at, or barren, frozen and devoid of life, places such as Antarctica. The ice caps melting had made most of the coasts underwater, reducing land for humans to live on. The remnants of humankind migrated north as areas like Scandinavia and northern Russia had climates close to Mediterranean temperatures. As industry around the world had shut down as humans became more self-sufficient, and advanced technology and fabrication reduced the need for timber and large factories as, most of Europe became covered in dense forests, crawling with a brand new ecosystem, born from the hardiest species that survived the mass extinction, which brings extreme risk to exploring forests. Nature reclaimed most of the earth’s ancient cities, strewn with advanced old-world tech and non-perishables, all corrupted with the memory and old technology of that era. This corruption was a virus, both physical and technological, which was filled with the collective memory of Earth at the time, designed to make the humans of old feel more at home in their dying world. This was a convenience in the past, but now, it is a corruptive influence, infecting everything from the old world, making the user feel out of place, driving them to a dystopic, perverse insanity.
